[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
TEMPORARY INSANITY
[action music]
[grunting]
[screeching]
What took you so long?
I almost didn't wait.
-Just having a word with Lucy Anne.
-Lucy Anne?
Yeah, you know, Lucy Anne.
I love giving nicknames to the monsters
I blow to smithereens.
[monster screeching]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[groans]
[screeching]
Guess she wasn't too crazy about her name.
You gotta take better care of your stuff,
Ulrich.
Aelita, I'm trying to collect more data
on Franz Hopper
but I can't access the sub-systems.
[Jeremy] Be careful.
[Jeremy through computer] Flying Mantas
coming your way at ten o'clock.
-[Mantas shrieking]
-[gasps]
Jeremy, how's everything going?
Because around here, things are kind of…
[both grunt]
…heating up.
Not great. For now, I don't have any data
that tells me
how to locate Franz Hopper, I'm afraid.
[Jeremy]
You'll have to hold out a little longer.
[grunting]
Easy for you to say.
I'm almost there.
I'm about ready to access the sub-systems.
How many life points do we have left?
Not many. If you get hit by one more
Flying Manta, it'll be game over, Odd.
[Jeremy] Same goes for you, Ulrich.
[Odd] Buckle up, Shirley.
Ethel, Yvette, get back here right now!
Odd, cut it out with your dumb names, huh?
[screeching]
What's going on here?
Why aren't we devirtualized?
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[tense music]
[Aelita gasps] What's that?
Beats me.
They shot at us and this is what happened.
[both groan]
[Jeremy] You guys okay?
All in one piece, I hope.
-Yeah, I think so.
-[Odd] Two great legs…
a swell torso, two limber arms and
a good-looking head. No, nothing missing.
-Jeremy, what happened out there?
-I wish I knew.
I have to look back
over the quantum sequence
to track any possible abnormalities
in the access data.
Mind translating that, Einstein?
He has to carry out a full check.
No way, there's not time. We've got
rehearsal in exactly five minutes.
Rehearsal? Oh, no!
I completely forgot about it.
Chardin is gonna kill us!
[theme music]
Boo!
We want our money back!
We want our money--
Poliakoff, do you mind using
your head for once?
How can you get money back
from a show that's totally free?
-[kids chuckling]
-Well, you…
We would have to give you back nothing.
Which, if you ask me, is too much.
Besides, try showing some respect.
Theatre, don't forget, is sacred!
[kids mumbling]
Believe me, I know from experience.
Years ago, I even wrote a one act…
[chuckles]
Well, actually,
it was more of a one scene play.
Oh, really? What was it about, Jim?
[grunts]
I'd rather not talk about it.
[soft laughter]
Phew, there you are.
Please, everyone, hurry up.
[light music]
Well, Mr. Chardin,
what made you choose Cyrano de Bergerac
for this year's performance?
The elegance of the text, I imagine?
or the tragedy of unrequited love?
Or perhaps it appeals to your true
but hidden romantic nature.
[grunts]
-Lack of money.
-[gasps]
Since we had no choice, we had
to use last year's Romeo and Juliet set
and the costumes. I had to find
another play that had a balcony.
So, Cyrano.
I see.
[Ulrich] Roxane!
-Who calls me?
-It is I, Christian.
Today, your words are hesitant.
Night has come.
In the dusk, they grope their way
to find your ear.
But my words find no such impediment.
They find their way at once?
Oh, small wonder that, for 'tis
within my heart they find their home.
[Odd] Bethink how large my heart,
how small your ear.
[Odd] And from their fair heights
descending, words fall fast
but mine must mount, Madame.
[Odd] They need more laser arrows!
[gasps]
[all gasping]
-[audience mumbling]
-[Yumi gasps]
Methinks that your last words
have learned to climb.
With practice,
such gymnastics grow less hard.
[Odd] In truth, I seem to speak
from distant heights.
[Ulrich] Two kankrelats, dead ahead!
True. Far above at such a height,
'twere death if…
Oh, okay, I'll get them!
Stern, Della Robbia,
what are you babbling about?
Please, sir. Keep it down. Don't you know
cutting edge theatre when you see it?
It's a modern approach,
somewhere between The Bald Soprano
and a deadly karate match!
Take that, you old Krab!
-[audience gasping]
-[groaning]
Ulrich, help me.
I'm hit.
Bravo!
Super sprint!
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
Cut it out! Your gag is not funny!
It's lame!
Yumi! What are you doing?
You made me miss the Megatank!
[Aelita] Odd, what's gotten into you?
Out of the way, Aelita!
I can't see the Krab!
[Mr. Delmas]
This time, you've gone too far!
[Mr. Delmas] One more word out of you, and
it's the disciplinary committee, you hear?
[Jeremy] Wait, please, Mr. Delmas.
There's something wrong.
Odd isn't himself.
Jeremy?
[groans]
Does XANA have a broken hard disk or what?
The Krab sounds a lot like Delmas.
Odd, watch out! A Blok at four o'clock!
[Jim] A Block?
You're the blockhead, Stern.
[Ulrich grunting]
Quick, someone call an ambulance!
Stern and Della Robbia
have totally lost it!
[all groaning]
[theme music]
[Odd] Jeremy, reload me. Two Tarantulas
are getting the better of us.
[Ulrich]
We're stuck in another of XANA's traps!
[Odd] Yumi, do something!
[siren wailing]
[grunts]
So this is what happens
when you spend hours playing video games
and watching cartoons on TV.
Rehearsal is over!
Ulrich's right.
They are stuck in another of XANA's traps.
Go follow them to the hospital.
I'll see if I can figure out
what's happening in the meantime.
[birds chirping]
[Dr. Chantal] Did you give them something
to calm them down?
[nods]
Now, tell me, are you having some problems
at the moment?
[Dr. Chantal] Are you sleeping well?
[Dr. Chantal] Nightmares?
[Dr. Chantal] Restless nights?
[Dr. Chantal] Troubles at school?
With your parents?
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
Take that, you rotten old Blok!
[imaginary gunfire]
"Rotten old Block," interesting.
Let me at it!
-[grunts]
-[shouting]
-[Ulrich groans]
-Sorry, young man.
but I'm a tenth dan in Aikido.
[tense music]
[gasps]
[phone ringing]
Yes, Jeremy?
[Jeremy] Yumi, XANA is definitely
behind Odd and Ulrich's madness.
There's only one way to make them normal
and that's to get them to a way tower
somewhere on Lyoko.
[Jeremy] Then I can launch a program
to get their head straight.
You mean we have to spring them
from the hospital?
-[Jeremy] You got it.
-[sighs]
Hello. We're here to see
Ulrich Stern and Odd Della Robbia.
I'm sorry,
but they're both under observation.
No visitors allowed.
[both grunt]
[Yumi] Thanks a lot.
Sorry we interrupted you.
What do we do now?
[in hushed voice]
Quiet! Listen.
[Dr. Chantal]
The two young men in room 237
are fighting imaginary enemies
they call Blocks, Megatanks and XANA.
[laughing]
Where do they get such crazy names from?
-What do you think, Prof. Hornet?
-Typical of today's youth.
Now we know what room they're in.
Leave him to me.
[grunts]
-Oh, excuse me, ma'am!
-Do you need any help?
I'm… I'm… looking for my room,
room 216.
[nurse] Come with me.
[tense music]
Aelita, watch out for the Krabs!
What Krabs?
The ones blocking us!
Energy field!
[shouting]
That's one down.
Nice job.
That Krab just wouldn't let go of me.
I think it was love at first bite.
[nurse] Here you are, room 216.
Thank you for showing me the way.
-[granny] Game of tiddlywinks?
-[gasps]
[grunts]
I've located the activated tower.
Follow me.
Go. We'll cover you.
Whoever wins
gets to take the other person's medicine.
Well, what do you say?
[gasps, stammers]
No thanks. Another time.
What is going on around here?
If you didn't come
for a game of tiddlywinks,
then what are you doing in my room,
young lady?
Well…
You little rascal, you!
-[granny] Get out! Or I'll call the nurse!
-[panting]
Yumi, now that you're here,
we can go to the activated tower.
[bell dings]
Oh, right. Yeah, sure.
Well, let's get going then.
[theme music]
[tense music]
Okay. I sure hope that this is gonna work.
[tense music continues]
[grunts]
[all gasping]
Where do you think you're going?
-The Bloks caught up with us!
-[Aelita] No time!
[Dr. Chantal] Out of my way!
Hello? Is this police headquarters?
[Jeremy] Oh, no! That's all we needed!
The core is being attacked.
Come on! Will you pick up?
-[phone ringing]
-Yes, Jeremy?
Okay, we're on our way.
XANA is attacking the core of Lyoko.
I hope they get here on time.
Just a little further.
The tower's not far now.
[police sirens wailing]
That way!
[siren wailing]
Go ahead.
I'll take care of the Megatank.
-[Yumi] Ulrich! No!
-[Aelita] Oh, no!
What is this crazy kid trying to do?
[tires screeching]
[tense music]
Well, tell us what it feels like
to be part of the evening news.
That should take care of them.
[alert beeping]
Where can they be?
[sighs]
There you are. It's about time.
Only one more shield left
protecting the core of Lyoko.
[mechanical whirring]
Jeremy,
would you mind sending me the overboard?
'Cause I'm getting tired
of running around.
Any idea how we can get them
into the scanners?
Leave it to me, Aelita.
Okay, guys. You made it there.
Now head for that way tower.
Right.
[gasps]
Nice one, Jeremy.
[theme music]
Transfer Odd. Transfer Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
Scanner Odd.
Scanner Ulrich.
Scanner Yumi.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[static zapping]
Oh, wow, it's empty out here.
Not a kid in sight.
I guess they're all in the lunchroom.
[Yumi grunts]
Yeah.
[Jeremy] Your turn, Aelita.
Transfer Aelita.
[Jeremy] Scanner Aelita.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[static zapping]
This is getting worse and worse.
Now they think they're at the Academy.
Listen, Aelita. You lead them to the way
tower. I'll head for the core of Lyoko.
Got it.
[Aelita] Let's go to the…
-[Aelita] Lunchroom.
-[Odd] I'm starving!
Welcoming committee
straight ahead.
[Jeremy] Be careful, Aelita.
[tense music]
-[monster shrieking]
-[gasps]
No!
I don't believe it!
[whirring]
Hey, Sissi, in a bad mood?
Did you break the scale this morning?
No!
[gasps]
[groans]
[Ulrich] What's this?
[Odd] They put Sissi and her pals
in a display case or what?
[groaning]
[Yumi] Jeremy, I'm here, at the edge
of the sector! Can you send me a taxi?
You bet.
A big white stretch limo is on the way.
[whirring]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Who's the dork that pushed me
into Sissi's arms?
Energy field!
[rumbling]
[Jeremy] Holosphere system connected.
[Yumi] Jeremy, I'm in the core zone.
Okay, Yumi, great.
The countdown's started.
You've got less than one minute
to activate the key.
[Yumi] Okay.
Energy field.
Energy field?
You think we're on Lyoko or something?
[groans]
Something just stung me!
Better hurry up, Yumi.
You've only got ten seconds left.
Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four,
[Jeremy] three, two, one… Zero!
[digital scanning]
[Jeremy] Nice job, Yumi.
Now head for the Celestial Dome.
[Yumi] I'm on my way.
[Jeremy] I'm programming your Overwing.
[ethereal music]
That way, hurry up!
No, the lunchroom is that way.
[sighs]
Listen to me, both of you.
You're gonna do exactly as I say
and no questions, you got that?
[Odd grunts]
Okay.
Jeremy, I'm in the dome.
Now get in there. That's an order!
[both] Ma'am, yes, ma'am!
Let's hope this works.
[electricity zapping]
[Mantas screeching]
[Jeremy]
Let's see if this program is operational.
How do you guys feel?
Fine.
But what are we doing inside a way tower?
I don't get it.
Shouldn't we be in the lunchroom?
I'll explain later.
Jeremy, it worked.
Yeah, but the core is still in danger.
[screeching]
[grunting]
[shouts]
Jeremy, looks like
I'm gonna need some help!
It's on the way. By now, Ulrich and Odd
should be close to Sector Five, Yumi.
[whooshing]
Hurry up! Yumi needs your help.
[tense music]
[alert beeping]
Yumi! The last protective shield
is about ready to go!
I'm doing all I can!
[grunting]
[groaning]
[shouting]
Be careful. All the core shields are gone!
If it takes one hit, just one,
Lyoko is gone for good,
and you guys along with it!
Oh, great!
[sighs]
No!
[gasping]
Yeah!
[Jeremy through computer]
Nice work, guys! Time to bring it back in.
[theme music]
Well?
Well, what? Laser arrow!
[both gasp]
Just kidding, ladies!
[both] Very funny.
[Jeremy] Right. Well, it's a good thing
that while some people are clowning
around, others keep working.
Okay, return to the past now.
[powering up]
[Yumi] Methinks that your last words
have learned to climb.
With practice,
such gymnastic grow less hard.
In truth,
I seem to speak from distant heights.
True. Far above at such a height,
'twere death if a hard word
from you fell upon my heart.
Stop, stop, stop.
It's not bad.
But you're not there, not just yet.
What you're missing is a bit more…
More passion?
No, no, some…
Some popcorn?
No.
Some more funding?
That'd be good. But…
A touch of insanity?
Exactly, yes! That's it!
[all laughing]
[theme music]